1436790/1438462: Part 14: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10374)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/sql/enabling-cross-database-access-in-sql-server.md

  
|Resource|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  

> |[Extending Database Impersonation by Using EXECUTE AS](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/sql/sql-server-2008-r2/ms188304(v=sql.105)) and [Cross DB Ownership Chaining Option](/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/cross-db-ownership-chaining-server-configuration-option)SQL Server Books Online.|Topics describe how to configure cross-database ownership chaining for an instance of SQL Server.|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Extending Database Impersonation by Using EXECUTE AS](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/sql/sql-server-2008-r2/ms188304(v=sql.105)) and [Cross DB Ownership Chaining Option](/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/cross-db-ownership-chaining-server-configuration-option).|Articles describe how to configure cross-database ownership chaining for an instance of SQL Server.|  
```
